	The first impression of heroku.com is really good. I like the on page navigation with the sliding arrow to different information. The How it Works page also has really cool interactivity. The two different sections build and operate are both set up really clean and allow two different ways to look at the different information by either clicking the picture or one of the links along the top. From the information you can click on links to learn more about what they are explaining. I really like that they keep the same navigation bar across the top so that you can easily find your way back or to another part of the site. Keeping the animation bar also lets the viewer know that they are still on the same site.
	The Pricing page has a neat layout that allows you to get an idea for what the price will be depending on the different options you choose. I do not usually like bars along the top that come down with you as you scroll, but the use it very effectively and it is actually quite helpful not to have to scroll up to see this information. Looking at the add-ons page they went with a gallery layout, which is always nice for looking at different apps and add-ons. They have the logo and name so you can identify each item and I like the hover over gives you a little more information. Each of these takes you to a page that gives even more information and again they have a very helpful price selection where you can pick and choose what exactly you are looking for and it adds up the price and features as you go along. This kind of interactivity is very helpful in a website so you can get an idea of what you are getting without having to add it to a cart and then find out how much it will all cost you. Overall I really like the set up of this site and the helpful features that never seem unnecessary or gimmicky.

I chose to do a single column layout for my website because my site is set up pretty simple. The way my information is presented there is not much reason to do more columns and the gallery option is for a lot of similar small thumbnails.